

To-Do


In Progress


Completed
1. Generate simple wave label embeddings for the next round of experiments (just to show).
b. alter code to include random seed for consistency
2. Register for thesis during summer
3. No more coding will need to be done. Focus on writing.
4. Write the introduction
5. Once the introduction is done, write the methodology. What hyperparameters have been chosen, and why? Write as many details as possible.

Deadlines
AAAI [Conference] (Deadline: August 2025 -- for Summer 2026)
Thesis Defense [Final] (Deadline: July 11th -- final day for defending -- plan on defending before this)



Future

- I have a hunch that I should email my thesis committee soon to update them on the current status of my thesis.

- Make confusion matrix for all classes. Check for TPR, FPR, TNR, and FNR. See if all classes are similar.
- After this week, experimentation will focus on fine-tuning the CWLE algorithm. We want better distance metrics and better convergence. Then we can start with one set of CWLE's and 
- Address this question: How does the number of waves in a CWLE affect the results?
- We're currently waiting on the results of experiments using CWLE's with 2 waves training on CIFAR-10
    We'll want to run experiments for CWLE's with more waves as well.
- Compare results with WLE's from baseline paper. Do we get better or worse results from more complex CWLE's? (Worse result = Higher loss / Lower accuracy)



e. Save the values of each class' wave parameters at every step of the process into a CSV. They should be saved as a list in the CSV for columns pertaining to waves (since there will be a variable number of waves, we want to account for this).
f. Make visualizations that show the evolution of the wave parameters over time.
g. Make visualizations that show the resulting CWLE image and how much it changes over time. If the algorithm converges, this distance should go to zero. If it doesn't, it should at least stick to a small neighborhood.
h. Make the amount of random next steps generated a tunable hyperparameter (currently 10).