TASKS
- These things will be focused on for the week of 4/18 - 4/25

1) Keep an up-to-date list of tasks for Dr. Mansoor.
- Keep the Google Drive and OneDrive updated.

2) Come up with catchier name for CWLE's

3) Create a new chapter out of the Forward-Forward algorithm from the Introduction
- Have it be chapter 3

4) Read through Shourav's APP and take inspiration on his formatting.
- Use his formatting, change the names of the sections and subsections to what I have in the current draft.
- The OneDrive Thesis Draft document will be the most up-to-date formal draft of the thesis.
- The Google Drive directory will contain informal drafts of the thesis. (Though it's not encouraged to prioritize this, it's just nice to have as an option)
- Write the methodology in a way that's well-formatted.

5) Compile rough description of CWLE algorithm and put it into methodology.
- Remember to ensure that a reader can interpet it that isn't familiar with you work
- This is where the visualizations will go in the future that visualize the algorithm at work.

6) Populate the results chapter
- Include these questions 
- Include experiment parameter combinations in sheets in such a way that is easy to track and interpret
- Have this be top priority so we can determine what the next round of experiments will be.
- Create a sheet for every subsection of the experimental results

---

NEXT MEETING

Please work with your thesis advisor on thesis defense. You will need to update your application for graduation. Please follow the deadlines: Deadlines and Important Dates | Minnesota State University, Mankato
https://grad.mnsu.edu/graduate-student-resources/deadlines-and-important-dates/

---

FUTURE
- These things will not be focused on for the week of 4/18 - 4/25
- They are worthy of note but will be worked on in later weeks.

Generate visualizations
- How the forces are acting on the embedding
- All visualizations for the results
    - We currently have visualizations for non-CWLE images, but we need them for CWLE images
    - Compare non-CWLE and CWLE results
    - Filter size AND number of filters
- Put the results in an excel sheet. (Yes, you can do that)

---

NOTES

Imagine that whoever is reading what you're writing is not familiar with what you are talking about. Discuss why a certain approach was taken and what you're trying to achieve with that approach.

Keep thesis directory populated in the Google Drive.

If I write directly into the OneDrive Word Document as opposed to the Google Document, it forces me to format the text properly immediately which saves me work later.
- The extent to which I've been performing breadth-first search in my workflow has increased ease of working but also increased the time it takes to complete my work.
- It's like how walking increases the ease of travelling compared to running since running is hard work. But with running, you get there in half the time.
- Writing down the rough idea of what I'm trying to say is great and all, but then I have to reformat it in a way that's more formal.
- As long as I'm okay with the extra time it will take, this is an acceptable strategy. But it means that I need to give myself more time if I want to meet my deadlines on time.